Mark deprecated SSL settings as obsolete (#228)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-tcp: docs/index.asciidoc

will use the OS defaults settings for keep alive. If it's `false` it doesn't configure any
keep alive setting for the underlying socket.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-obsolete-options"]
==== TCP Input Obsolete Configuration Options

> WARNING: As of version `6.0.0` of this plugin, the following configuration options are no longer available,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: As of version `7.0.0` of this plugin, the following configuration options are no longer available,
```

> WARNING: As of version `7.0.0` of this plugin, the following configuration options are no longer available,

Reviewer 2: WARNING: As of version `7.0.0` of this plugin, some configuration options have been replaced.
The plugin will fail to start if it contains any of these obsolete options.

> WARNING: As of version `7.0.0` of this plugin, the following configuration options are no longer available,
> and have been replaced by the following options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: As of version `6.0.0` of this plugin, some configuration options have been replaced.
The plugin will fail to start if it contains any of these obsolete options. 
```
